let's take a look at a super-sharp
unique 2007 yamaha r1
as I said before this r1 is an O 7 first
thing you notice of course they did not
make white in the Yamahas on o 7 so this
is a custom paint job but nevertheless
it looks excellent in my opinion if I to
choose the color it would be white these
bikes look super sharp in this white
color anyways to get the stock
windscreen there you do have kind of a
the smoked headlights gives it a good
look it's your front tire you have
Pirelli tires front and back
they're both an excellent shape a lot of
life left
on the side here some does have your
flush-mount
front signals there that's the stock
color of your upper fairing but again a
super clean bike only 1800 miles on this
bike so your engine covers clean
you're Pirelli back tire again excellent
tread left and you have the rear fender
eliminator right there nice clean look
in the back during that big ugly rear
fender there
and here's your right side of the bike
nice clean swing arm again this side of
the engine untouched very clean and the
plastic of course is perfect see the
engines running here nice and smooth
this one does have your aftermarket back
nice and clean see both your seats
perfect and your tank very nice
big league engages here
be right there only 1800 miles I would
say the interval quick
that stock exhaust sounds pretty good
they're all your grips your levers are
all in great shape
Thanks take a look at this Yamaha with
me today give any further interest in
this bike please shoot on right over to
our website got a lot of high quality
detail detailed pictures there for you
full info it's a super clean a really
low mile only 1,800 miles oh the nice
white custom paint job you won't see any
of these around anywhere it'll
definitely turn heads check it out to be
direct motors calm